In the last two videos,
you learned how to solve the
complexity and memory issues
with transformer
on long sequences.
Now you'll put the solutions
together and create
an efficient transformer
model called
reformer. Let's dive in.
Let me introduce you to
reformer, the
reversible transformer.
Using this model, you can fit
up to 1 million tokens on
a single 16 gigabyte GPU.
That's enough to
fit an entire book,
like all of crime,
punishments, for example.
The reformer is a transformer
model designed to
handle context windows of
up to 1 million words.
It's combines two
techniques to solve
the crucial problems
of attention,
and memory allocation
that limit transformers,
application to long
contexts windows.
Reformer uses locality
sensitive hashing,
which you saw earlier
in this specialization,
to reduce the complexity of
attending over long sequences.
It also uses reversible
residual layers
to more efficiently use
the memory available.
This blots from the
reformer paper,
highlights how standard
attention takes
longer as sequence
length increases.
However, LSH attention takes
roughly the same amount of time,
as sequence length increases.
The only difference in
the colored lines is
the number of hashes.
With more hashes taking slightly
longer than fewer hashes,
regardless of the
sequence length.
In this week's assignments,
you will harness the
reformer models power
over large contexts windows,
to build a working Chatbots
that you interact with.
I'll show you how to build
and train a reformer model,
on the MultiWOZ datasets
using the Trax framework
from the Google Brain Team.
MultiWOZ is a very large
datasets of human conversations,
covering multiple
domains and topics.
When finished, you'll be
able to ask your
Chatbots questions,
about almost anything,
and it'll answer you.
You have no seen how
a reformer is built.
This is a transformer that can
handle very long contexts.
Let's put it to use
to build a Chatbot.